freebox: add raid array health binary sensor (#95242) (#28080)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/freebox.markdown

* Free partition space of used disks
* Number of missed calls

## Binary sensor

> Each RAID array's health can be monitored wht a diagnostics binary sensor reflecting the `degraded` state (OK means not degraded, PROBLEM means degraded).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The health status of each RAID array can be monitored with a diagnostics binary sensor reflecting the `degraded` state (OK means not degraded, PROBLEM means degraded).
```
